Documentation-update (#1761)
opensanctions/opensanctions: zavod/docs/best_practices/patterns.md

entity.add("birthPlace", row.pop("place_of_birth"))
```

> The method `entity.add` works seamlessly with both a single string and a list of strings. This means that you don’t have to loop through a list to add multiple items individually. Instead, you can simply add the entire list at once.

Reviewer: In the long run, we probably want to make the typing of `entity.add` more strict and take only one argument ... perhaps we could already say that it's not worth forcing values into a list, and nicer to put them in individually if they come that way :)

Reviewer 2: @pudo do you mean we should prefer

```python
for name in h.multi_split(name, SPLITS):
    entity.add(name)
```

or just to note inn these docs that lists are accepted but don't do `entity.add([name])`?

or something else?

    name = row.pop("name")
    listing_date = row.pop("listing_date")

    # Proceed only if both 'name' and 'listing_date' are available
    if not (name and listing_date):
        return

    # Create the entity
    entity = context.make("LegalEntity")
    entity.id = context.make_id(name, listing_date)
    ```

- Instead of using `urljoin` from `urllib.parse`, leverage `.make_links_absolute()` for cleaner URL resolution. This ensures all relative URLs are converted to absolute URLs within the crawler.

    ```python
    # Make all relative links in the document absolute using the data_url as the base
    doc = context.fetch_html(context.data_url)
    doc.make_links_absolute(context.data_url)
    ```

- Utilize `h.copy_address()` to manage address processing.

    ```python
    # Create an address entity using the helper function
    address_ent = h.make_address(context, full=addr, city=city, lang="zhu")
    # Copy address details to the entity
    h.copy_address(entity, address_ent)
    ```

- Use `settings.RUN_TIME` to ensure consistent datetime comparisons.

    ```python
    # Determine if the end date is active by comparing with the configured runtime

>     is_active = end_date_obj >= settings.RUN_TIME

Reviewer 2: we now have a helper for this which uses settings.RUN_TIME because it doesn't want to be affected by things like coverage.

Perhaps we can skip this entry since the cases where we're doing time comparison are so rare, and which field to use is quite dependent on the use case?

* `dict_obj.pop()` individual fields when adding them to entities.
* Log warnings if there are unhandled fields remaining in the `dict` so that we notice and improve the crawler. The context method [`context.audit_data()`][zavod.context.Context.audit_data] can be used to warn about extra fields in a `dict`. It takes the `ignore` argument to explicitly list fields that are unused.

> ## Logs that matter
> 
> Logs are essential for monitoring progress and debugging, but they are not always reliable for detecting omissions in large datasets. Use them to track the crawler’s status and provide alerts for issues that don’t stop the process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Logging and crawler feedback

It is good design to be told about issues, instead of having to go look to discover them.

Logs are essential for monitoring progress and debugging, but info-level logs don't help us notice if something is missing because we only see them when we choose to go and look at a crawler's logs. Use the appropriate log level for the purpose for cases that don’t stop the process.
```

* Debug Logs: Enable verbose output for detailed tracking during development. Use `zavod --debug` to activate debug logs.

    ```python
    context.log.debug(f"Unique ID {person.id}")
    ```

* Info Logs: Monitor the crawler’s progress, especially on large sites.

    ```python
    context.log.info(f"Processed {page_number} pages")
    ```

> * Warning Logs: Indicate potential issues that don't stop the crawl but may require attention.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Warning Logs: Indicate potential issues that don't stop the crawl but may require attention. These are surfaced to the dev team on the [Issues](https://www.opensanctions.org/issues/) page and checked daily.
```
